docs: add coding agent guidance (#372)
martius-lab/ai-tutor: skills/ai-tutor-implementation/SKILL.md

- Check recent PR/reviewer context when the task follows up on GitHub review comments.

## Keep Scope Reviewable

- Implement the smallest complete change that satisfies the request.
- Split independent features, large flows, or cleanup into follow-up PRs instead of bundling them.
- Do not add placeholder UI, mock data, speculative fallbacks, unused config, or tests that only check for strings unless that string output is the real contract.
- Remove code made obsolete by your change. Do not leave duplicate paths for reviewers to find.
- Prefer focused modules over growing files that are already hard to scan. If touching a large file, keep the edit local and consider extracting new behavior into a small helper file.

## Reflex And State

- Preserve the page folder pattern: `page.py` for route/page composition, `components.py` for UI helpers, and `state.py` for event and data logic.
- Keep state values minimal. Avoid duplicating route IDs, database values, or derived flags that can drift out of sync.
- Add new user-specific state to logout/reset handling when needed. Do not reset session-independent preferences, such as language, by accident.

> - Prefer public APIs from Reflex and `reflex-local-auth`. If a private method is unavoidable, keep the call isolated and explain why in the PR.

Reviewer: Let's make this more general:
```suggestion
- Prefer public APIs from third-party packages. If a private method is unavoidable, keep the call isolated and explain why in the PR.
```
